Add content for developers extending their module compatibility range to PS 1.6 (#472)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/modules/core_updates/1.6.md

---
title: Backward compatibility with PrestaShop 1.6
menuTitle: Compatibility with 1.6
---

# Backward compatibility with PrestaShop 1.6

> If you plan to develop a module for PrestaShop 1.7 then extending the compaitibility with previous major versions of PS,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan to develop a module for PrestaShop 1.7 then extending the compatibility with previous major versions of PS,
```

it may require some changes before being ready for production.

## Namespaces

PrestaShop 1.6 does not fully support namespaces. They throw some issues when used in specific places.

* In the main class of your module, the keyword `use [...];` will trigger syntax errors when PrestaShop will try to parse the file.

> * ObjectModels can't be defined in a namespace. The hooks generated while managing this entities will be considered as invalid by the `Validate` class and will trigger fatal errors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ObjectModels can't be defined in a namespace. The hook generated while managing this entity will be considered as invalid by the `Validate` class and will trigger fatal errors.
```

Or plural it as you prefer
